Docs: Mention Lumigator UI usage in README + minor improvements (#647)
mozilla-ai/lumigator: README.md

As more organizations turn to AI for solutions, they face the challenge of selecting the best model
from an ever-growing list of options. The AI landscape is evolving rapidly, with [twice as many new
models released in 2023 compared to the previous year](https://hai.stanford.edu/research/ai-index-report).

> However, one may find it challenging to compare models for their specific domain and usecase.

Reviewer: Since you [mentioned it](https://github.com/mozilla-ai/lumigator/issues/634), what do you think of acknowledging research-oriented benchmarks?

```suggestion
However, in spite of existing [benchmarks and leaderboards](https://crfm.stanford.edu/helm/classic/latest/#/leaderboard) for some scenarios, one may find it challenging to compare models for their specific domain and use case.
```

Despite the fact this is a local setup, it lends itself to more distributed scenarios. For instance,
one could provide different `AWS_*` environment variables to the backend container to connect to any
provider’s S3-compatible service, instead of localstack. Similarly, one could provide a different
`RAY_HEAD_NODE_HOST` to move compute to a remote ray cluster, and so on. See the
[operational guides](https://mozilla-ai.github.io/lumigator/operations-guide/kubernetes.html) in the
documentation for more deployment options.

Now that Lumigator is running, you can start using it. The platform provides a REST API that allows
you to interact with the system. Run the [example notebook](/notebooks/walkthrough.ipynb) for a
quick walkthrough.

> ### Lumigator UI

Reviewer 2: I suggest to not start a new section here. Just continue the paragraph without a heading.

Author: My thought was that having it as a heading catches the eye of a reader who is skimming through the README - by way of which they become aware that a UI exists. 
If we have it as just a paragraph, probably there is a higher chance of missing this detail. WDYT?

Reviewer 2: IMO if you're adding a `###` section it means that you have more than one `###` sections under the same `##` heading. Think of it like this: Say you have chapter `1` in a book, and then sub-chapters `1.1` and `1.2`. Would you start a new `1.1.1` sub-heading if there was no `1.1.2`? It seems a bit redundant.

Also, you're now putting the "Lumigator UI" heading on the same level as "Terminate Lumigator session". Not sure if this is something you'd want.

In any case, that's a personal preference and it's very minor. If you think that it looks okay the way it is I'm fine with it! :)

Author: > Also, you're now putting the "Lumigator UI" heading on the same level as "Terminate Lumigator session". 

Right, this I agree is not ideal.
What we can do is once we have a dedicated page in the docs with #664, we can get rid of these subsections (since Lumigator UI has a better visibility through the docs page by then).
